[Doc] Update type cast (#5831)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/lang/articles/type_system/type.md

      c = ti.cast(b, ti.f32)  # 3.0
  ```

> - You can also use primitive types like `ti.f32`, `ti.i64` to convert a variable of scalar type to other scalar types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As of v1.1.0, you are allowed to use primitive types such as `ti.f32` and `ti.i64` to convert a scalar variable to a different scalar type:
```

  ```python
  @ti.kernel
  def foo():
      a = 3.14
      x = int(a)    # 3

>       y = float(b)  # 3.0

Reviewer 2: What is `b` here?

>       y = float(a)  # 3.0

Reviewer 2: 3.0 is incorrect.

      x1 = ti.i32(x)  # 3

>       y1 = ti.f64(x)  # 3.14

Reviewer 2: Converting from `x` will not get 3.14.

Author: Sorry my mistake, it should be fixed now.
